I have just returned from a visit to my landlord the solitary neighbour that I shall be troubled with.
He soliloquised in an undertone of peevish displeasure, while relieving me of my horse.
Then I put her through the following catechism: for a girl of twenty-two it was not injudicious.
Only the lonely can understand the pain of solitude.
Many ways are the right ways.
Is there a reason why you behaved so imprudently?
Beware! I can chase you to hell if I decide to. And you won't be safe anywhere.
It wouldn't make any difference, would it?
I don't want to fight you; you're my friend.
They always think they can get away with it, but they have no idea what's coming their way.
I thought you were going to pick up the kids.
Have you considered seeing a psychiatrist?
I had the strangest dream tonight; I dreamt I was killed by a giant parrot with no head.
There was a star riding through clouds one morning, and I said to the star, 'Consume me.'
He inhaled the smoke so hungrily he made me want to grab a cigarette as well.
Why don't we start from scratch?
I should have known it was you.
Brexit means Brexit, and we're going to make a success of it.
The way she behaved in parliament the other day was a clear indicator of her mental instability.
To make a vegan apple cake you're going to need flour, soy milk, sugar and apples.
Are you sure this is the correct street?
Actually, they didn't sign the contract yet.
To be honest, my weekend has been kind of lame; I spent most of the time binge watching Game of Thrones.
Yesterday, my class visited a local farm in Hertfordshire and we met a lot of animals: cows, chickens, pigs, goats...
The white tiger is among the animals in danger of becoming extinct.
I need a bolt cutter to cut this chain.
I never drink coffee after midday; it makes me stay awake well beyond 3 a.m. and feel like shit when the alarm goes off.
You cannot change your plans now; I have scheduled an appointment with the doctor for 2 p.m. and you cannot dismiss it.
Are you crazy?
What a bizarre idea!
Fructose has a low glycemic index and results in moderate release of insulin to the bloodstream relative to glucose and sucrose.
Fructose is among the least cariogenic of the nutritive sugars.
The anarchists managed to hack into the CIA and now hold the passwords of every missile in the American arsenal.
If you loose any more weight, I'm going to suppose you have some eating disorder.
Leave me alone!
For God's sake, what's you problem, Sam?
Italy is best known for delicious food, marvellous art, and an enchanting history of greatness.
I cannot stand chili peppers or any type of spicy food.
My emotions got the better of me, and I couldn't help but cry at the end of the movie.
There's something fascinating about the stillness of inanimate things, how they preserve themselves so much longer than those in a turmoil to live.
He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster; and if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you.
You shall not pass!
At least pretend like you're having fun.
Where to, sir?
And how would you like your coffee, ma'am?
I've always been under the impression that the more stupid you look the less people will despise you.
The best people in the world are the first preys of envy.
Perhaps, we could try some other technique.
What do you want to be when you grow up?
All right, then, have it your way.
Peek-a-boo!